GAS HEATING AND PLUMBING SOLUTIONS LTD
(Company Number 10282059)
Registered office: Caledon Community Centre, Caledon Road, London Colney, St Albans, Hertfordshire AL2 1PU
Principal trading address: N/A
Notice is hereby given that a virtual meeting of the creditors of the above-named Company is being convened by Francis Greene, to be held on 22 September 2026 at 10.15 am for the purpose provided for in section 100 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and to consider a resolution specifying the terms on which the appointed Joint Liquidators are to be remunerated.
Creditors entitled to attend and vote at the virtual meeting may do so personally or by proxy. A creditor can attend the virtual meeting in person and vote, and is entitled to vote if they have delivered proof of their debt by no later than 4 p.m. on the business day before the meeting. If a creditor cannot attend in person, or does not wish to attend but still wishes to vote at the meeting, they can either nominate a person to attend on their behalf, or they may nominate the Chair of the meeting, who will be a director of the Company, to vote on their behalf. Creditors must deliver their proxy by no later than the commencement of the meeting. Creditors must deliver all proofs of their debt and proxies to Turpin Barker Armstrong, 15 Horizon Business Village, 1 Brooklands Road, Weybridge, Surrey, KT13 0TJ. Creditors failing to lodge a proof of their debt or proxy as indicated will lead to their vote(s) being disregarded.
Unless they surrender their security, secured creditors must give particulars of their security, the date when it was given and the estimated value at which it is assessed if they wish to vote at the meeting.
At the meeting, creditors may receive information about, or be called upon to approve, the costs of preparing the statement of affairs and convening the meeting of creditors.
A list of names and addresses of the Company's creditors will be available for inspection free of charge at Turpin Barker Armstrong, 15 Horizon Business Village, 1 Brooklands Road, Weybridge, Surrey, KT13 0TJ between 10 am and 4 pm on the two business days prior to the decision date.
Creditors can contact Turpin Barker Armstrong on 01932 336149 or by email at chris.warner@turpinba.co.uk.
Kelly Abrey, Director
14 September 2026
Ag UK61669
