MUJI'S FOODS LTD
(Company Number 15051391)
Registered office: 71 Church Road, Manchester, M22 4WD
Principal trading address: 71 Church Road, Manchester, M22 4WD
Notice is hereby given under Section 100 of the Insolvency Act 1986 and Rule 6.14 and 15.8 of the Insolvency (England and Wales) Rules 2016, that a virtual meeting of the creditors of the above named Company is being proposed by the director of the Company in accordance with resolutions passed by the Board of Directors. The virtual meeting will be held via Zoom on 6 October 2026 at 11.15 am.
A meeting of shareholders has been called and will be held prior to the virtual meeting of creditors, to consider passing a resolution for voluntary winding up of the Company.
Any creditor entitled to attend and vote at this virtual meeting is entitled to do so either in person or by proxy. Creditors wishing to vote at the virtual meeting must (unless they are individual creditors attending in person) lodge their proxy with the convener before they may be used at the meeting. The convener can be contacted care of Simon Weir, DSi Business Recovery, 2 Lakeside, Calder Island Way, Wakefield, WF2 7AW.
Unless there are exceptional circumstances, a creditor will not be entitled to vote unless his written statement of claim, (’proof’), which clearly sets out the name and address of the creditor and the amount claimed, has been lodged and admitted for voting purposes. Proofs must be lodged by 4.00 pm on the business day before the meeting.
Unless they surrender their security, secured creditors must give particulars of their security, the date when it was given and the estimated value at which it is assessed if they wish to vote at the meeting.
The resolutions to be taken at the creditors' meeting may include the appointment by creditors of a Liquidator, a resolution specifying the terms on which the Liquidator is to be remunerated, and the meeting may receive information about, or be called upon to approve, the costs of preparing the statement of affairs and convening the meeting.
Simon Weir is qualified to act as an Insolvency Practitioner in relation to the above Company and a list of names and addresses of the Company’s creditors will be available for inspection at the offices of DSi Business Recovery, 2 Lakeside, Calder Island Way, Wakefield, WF2 7AW on the two business days preceding the meeting.
In case of queries, please contact Simon Weir on 01924 790880 or email info@dsinsol.com.
Nabil Anwar, Director
16 September 2026
Ag UK61701
